Hey, good morning everybody. How are y'all doing today? I'm Brandon Biggs and this is Diana Biggs, and we're excited to be with you all today.
We have some things on our heart we're going to pray about. Remember the conference with Billy Brim?
It's coming in February. Rick Renner and Billy Brim are going to do end times eschatology teachings.
He is an expert in the Greek and she has been around for a long time learning about the end times.
She's an expert in knowing the Bible and where we are with the end times—not being flaky, just straight-up Word of God, and I love that about them. I'm excited about it.
It's a couple of months away, through November, December, and January, but it gives you enough time to pray about if you're supposed to be there.
What a way to start the year off, getting yourself immersed in the Word of God and getting yourself ready for 2025.
I believe we are going to see some major things in 2025, ladies and gentlemen—a great acceleration.
Talking to you about that great acceleration, I warned you about New Orleans and I saw a one-man shooter, and that happened yesterday.
My condolences to the families; we grieve with you. If you watch our YouTube channel, we pray for you.
We know the loss of someone in your family is hard, and I pray for peace for your heart in this time of grieving.
When I get a word from the Lord warning to pray for something, there are a lot of you that question if this guy is flaky or not.
Now, I'm not trying to toot my own horn, folks, but I take it very seriously.
I don't come on here just to waste my time; I come on here because the Lord has told me specifically, 'Brandon, I need you to sound the alarm and be a watchman for Me in these last days.'Whenever I come here and tell you there's an attack coming on New Orleans, we have to take it more seriously.
It is a rebuke to me because I only prayed over it one time. We were interceding for it like we did for the presidency.
When the Lord gives me an assignment, He showed me Nashville and Las Vegas.
He said there are more cities, but He won't give those until later.
The Lord showed me these three cities specifically; it wasn't Atlanta or New York.
He said New Orleans, Nashville, and Las Vegas. The thing in Nashville happened—I think we averted it. It wasn't a shooting incident; it was a drone thing.
I've been praying over these drones all the time, as they've been on my heart—strapping things to these devices and trying to cause mass destruction.
The Lord already warned us; this is part of what I've been seeing.
Well, that man was busted by the FBI. Glory to God! Then we have this man down there.
When I was looking into the New Orleans thing, I saw that it was a one-person thing.
Well, that happened; nine to eleven people were shot, and I think two people passed away, which is terrible.
Now the next target I'm praying over is Las Vegas, specifically the Strip, praying that all the people there will not come into any harm's way.
These are serious times, folks. When the Lord gives a word, it's not like we're just here to be entertained.
I'm here to tell you what's coming, as the Lord has put me as a watchman on the wall, yelling out from a distance, 'Look, look, we must pray!'He said to raise up a million-person prayer army that will pray with you every single day.
I believe we are on our way. We have about 40,000 people come and pray, and that's just the beginning.
I believe this is going to grow and grow, and we are going to have results.
People say, 'Well, you called that out and we didn't see anything.'Praise God! That's what we want to happen.
This is fruit from what the Lord is showing me, but we don't want to see our prayer fail; we want to see prayer success, which is peace and safety, and no weapon formed against these people prospering.
Now we have a tragedy that happened, and it's terrible. Maybe we averted more; there could have been a bigger event or we could have delayed it.
I don't want to see the wicked be successful in any plot or plan they have against people.
We still don't have full election results; it's been going on for two weeks.
They still haven't called the House completely. I told you corruption would be there and things would try to be delayed.
Let's take communion and pray together, believing God that we have authority.
We thank You, Father, that by Your stripes we are healed. You were wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon You, and with Your stripes, we are healed physically, mentally, emotionally, and financially.
We thank You for that Shalom, that peace that passes understanding.
If Your Word abides in us, we shall ask what we will and it shall be done.
We stand on the Word of God today and believe we receive deliverance in the name of Jesus over our bodies.
We apply the blood of Jesus over Diana, from the top of her head to the soles of her feet, and over my children, our finances, our house, our car, and our jobs.
According to Deuteronomy 28, we are blessed in the city and in the field, coming in and going out.
Thank You, Lord, that we walk in divine health and have supernatural wisdom.
I thank You for creative ideas to get wealth and that everything we put our hands to would prosper. We take authority over any kind of confusion.
As it says in 2 Timothy 1:7, God has not given us a spirit of fear but of power, and of love, and of a well-balanced mind.
I thank You for mental clarity and focus so that we hear You and will not follow a stranger's voice.
There are a lot of people here from different backgrounds—Catholic, Methodist, LDS—from all over the world.
You may not always agree with how I take communion, but my heart is right and we love the Lord.
It's all about having a relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ.
Those who seek Him will find Him, and that's what we're all trying to do on this channel.
Our number one goal is just to smile at Jesus today. It's not about race, gender, or money; we look at Jesus.
I'm excited that we break down those walls; we're just one big happy family in the body of Christ.
We can have doctrinal differences, but we can agree to disagree and love each other.
It's like a family reunion—you might not agree with everything, but you still give them a hug.
Politics is a big one, but we are family and we still love each other.
I felt in my spirit that the Holy Spirit said to address that.
Father, we take authority over any kind of demonic attack over Nevada and Las Vegas.
We pray that all hidden things be revealed and that there will be no plots, calamities, shootings, or bombings in any hotel or casino.
I plead the blood of Jesus over the Strip. Where sin abounds, grace does much more abound.
We call forth all these things to be revealed—anything the devil has tried to stir up.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers.
I just saw in a vision to pray over the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
I pray a hedge of protection around those people in New York and call for an uncovering of darkness.
I thank You that the NYPD, FBI, and CIA would have supernatural thinking to check things they might not otherwise check.
I pray for a covering over families during the Christmas season and over the shopping malls.
I pray for a special hedge of protection over Atlanta, Georgia.
As people travel on American, United, Southwest, and other flights, I call for protection during this busiest traveling time.
We call for any terrorist activity to be uncovered and found out right now.
When I start hitting something in the spirit realm, I feel my spirit tugging on it like a metal detector.
There's something about the planes and something around Atlanta, so we're going to pray over travels.
We pray over the Ukraine situation; we call for peace and not an acceleration of war.
We call for a delay in the Antichrist agenda so that we will have our revival.
It's about a one-world system; I see the spirit that's driving them. I call for a delay concerning this war in Jesus'name.
You pulled the slack out of Pharaoh, and You can pull the slack out of these men.
Assyria is referred to as the land of Nimrod. I see a deflating and a delaying of it for the harvest.
I see a window of four years settled in the courts of the throne.
The enemy would try to tip it over, but we rise up and take back the time.
I see a fountain of great wealth—beauty and gold—like the glory.
It's like kicking the can down the road, moving the years 2028, 2029, and 2030 to give time for a revival.
I see Trump stepping in and not allowing a third world war to happen in these 60 days.
'Many hands make light work'—the Lord just quoted that to me from the principle in Nehemiah chapter 3.
It seemed so big because of what it takes to spin it in the spirit realm with Putin, Europe, and Emmanuel Macron.
The United States was trying to play like a puppet master, but they are the most guilty because they were funding it.
If you cut off the drug dealer and the bank cartel funneling the money, you solve the problem.
I saw great wealth coming out of the Trump administration as it turns.
I call forth Elon Musk to be saved and have a visitation from the Lord.
I call for the blinders to be removed from his eyes so he would know the hope of his calling.
I bind the enemy and call him free to make his own decision concerning the Gospel.
I thank You that he would use Starlink for the glory of God to bring in the Great Harvest.
I pray for divine intervention for Hollywood celebrities to influence the world with light, not darkness.
We call Taylor Swift to be born again and have a visitation from Jesus.
I pray for a stirring in Kanye West again, that he would be radically born again and surrounded by godly influencers.
We rise up like David taking the head off the giant. I speak to the SEC to leave certain cryptos alone and for the lawsuits to stop.
I command this demonic spirit trying to hinder the wealth transfer to desist.
We call for a great wealth transfer for the glory of God. We are strong together when we move as a body, like an ant colony.
Please subscribe and click the notification bell; it helps get the Gospel spread throughout the whole world. God bless you all, and we will see you again tomorrow.